[Flutter] configurations examples for AppKit (#244)
reown-com/reown-docs: docs/appkit/flutter/core/email.mdx

:::

:::caution important note 2

> Email and Social login only supports EVM and Solana networks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Email and Social login are supported only on EVM networks and Solana.
```

Grammar fix
